API generation script uses Box to download CI artifacts (#737)
Qiskit/documentation: README.md

To check that formatting is valid without actually making changes, run `npm run check:fmt` or `npm run check`.

> ### Regenerate an existing API docs version

Reviewer: This should still be h2 since it's not a subsection.

```suggestion
## Regenerate existing API docs
```

Reviewer: It'd be helpful to add below this sentence:

> This is useful when we make improvements to the API generation script.

1. Choose which documentation you want to generate (`qiskit`, `qiskit-ibm-provider`, or `qiskit-ibm-runtime`) and its version.
2. Run `npm run gen-api -- -p <pkg-name> -v <version>`,
   e.g. `npm run gen-api -- -p qiskit -v 0.45.0`

If the version is not for the latest stable minor release series, then add `--historical` to the arguments. For example, use `--historical` if the latest stable release is 0.45.\* but you're generating docs for the patch release 0.44.3.

## Generate new API docs

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This is useful when new docs content is published, usually corresponding to new releases or hotfixes for content issues.

```

1. Choose which documentation you want to generate (`qiskit`, `qiskit-ibm-provider`, or `qiskit-ibm-runtime`) and its version.

> 2. Determine the current version of the published stable documentation, e.g. at https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Determine the full version, such as by looking at https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/releases
```

   1. Pull up the CI runs for the stable commit that you want to build docs from. This should not be from a Pull Request
   2. Open up the "Details" for the relevant workflow.
      - Qiskit: "Documentation / Build (push)"
      - Runtime: "CI / Build documentation (push)"
      - Provider: "CI / Build documentation (push)"
   3. Click the "Summary" page at the top of the left navbar.
   4. Scroll down to "Artifacts" and look for the artifact related to documentation, such as `html_docs`.
   5. Download the artifact by clicking on its name.
4. Rename the downloaded zip file with its version number, e.g. `0.45.zip` for an artifact from `qiskit v0.45.2`.
5. Upload the renamed zip file to https://ibm.ent.box.com/folder/246867649571
6. Share the file by clicking the `Copy shared link` button
7. Select `People with the link` and go to `Link Settings`.
8. Under `Link Expiration` select `Disable Shared Link on` and set an expiration date of ~10 years into the future.
9. Copy the direct link at the end of the `Shared Link Settings` tab.
10. Modify the `scripts/lib/api/api-html-artifacts.json` file adding the new versions with the direct link from step 9.

> 11. Run `npm run gen-api -- -p <pkg-name> -v <version>`,

Reviewer: Needs to also mention `--historical` because of patch releases. But maybe instead have an `h3` like this:

```
### Generate patch releases

For example, if the current docs are for 0.45.2 but you want to generate 0.45.3.

Follow the same process above for new API docs, other than:

* When uploading the artifact, overwrite the existing file with the new one. Be careful to follow the above steps to change "Link Expiration"!
* Add `--historical` to the end of the `npm run gen-api` command.

Author: I added this new section, but without the last point that talks about the `--historical` argument. Generating patches of the current docs shouldn't be always historical. Instead, I added back the paragraph we had before at the end of the `Generate new API docs` section

      - Provider: "CI / Build documentation (push)"
   3. Click the "Summary" page at the top of the left navbar.
   4. Scroll down to "Artifacts" and look for the artifact related to documentation, such as `html_docs`.
   5. Download the artifact by clicking on its name.
4. Rename the downloaded zip file with its version number, e.g. `0.45.zip` for an artifact from `qiskit v0.45.2`.
5. Upload the renamed zip file to https://ibm.ent.box.com/folder/246867649571
6. Share the file by clicking the `Copy shared link` button
7. Select `People with the link` and go to `Link Settings`.
8. Under `Link Expiration` select `Disable Shared Link on` and set an expiration date of ~10 years into the future.
9. Copy the direct link at the end of the `Shared Link Settings` tab.
10. Modify the `scripts/lib/api/api-html-artifacts.json` file adding the new versions with the direct link from step 9.
11. Run `npm run gen-api -- -p <pkg-name> -v <version>`,
    e.g. `npm run gen-api -- -p qiskit -v 0.45.0`

In case you want to save the current version and convert it into a historical one, you can run `npm run make-historical -- -p <pkg-name>` beforehand.

> ### Regenerate an existing API docs version

Author: You are right, thanks! Order reversed!

In case you want to save the current version and convert it into a historical one, you can run `npm run make-historical -- -p <pkg-name>` beforehand.

> If the version is not for the latest stable minor release series, then add `--historical` to the arguments. For example, use `--historical` if the latest stable release is 0.45.\* but you're generating docs for the patch release 0.44.3.

Reviewer: This belongs in the `Generate patch releases` docs because it's only relevant for that.

If you're worried that people won't realize they need to read that section, then I would add to the top of this current section something like this:

> If you're generating a patch release, also see the below subsection for additional steps.
